Tightend prose, removed out-of-date tip, updated date format. (#284)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/contracts/atomic-swap.md

<Zoe-Version/>

> ##### [View the code on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/f29591519809dbadf19db0a26f38704d87429b89/packages/zoe/src/contracts/atomicSwap.js) (Last updated: 12-SEP-2020)

Reviewer: can we switch to 2020-09-12?

  await E(zoe).startInstance(installation, issuerKeywordRecord);
```

Then Alice escrows her offer with Zoe. She passes in two
things; the actual ERTP payments of her offer, and a
`proposal`. Zoe uses the proposal to protect Alice from the
smart contract (which may have been written by someone else) 
and other participants. 

A proposal has three parts:
- `give` and `want` enforce offer safety.

> - `exit` enforces exit safety. 

Reviewer: give, want, and exit don't enforce safety. Zoe uses them as spec on which to base its safety calculations.

> - `give` and `want` enforce offer safety.
> - `exit` enforces exit safety. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `give` and `want` will be used by Zoe to enforce offer safety (Alice will get back what she gave or what she wanted).
- `exit` will be used by Zoe to enforce payout liveness (Alice will be able to get a payout according to the exit rule she specifies)
```

const alicePayment = { Asset: aliceMoola };
```

For Alice to escrow with Zoe, she needs to use her invitation.  
Then she makes her offer and receives a `seat`. The `seat`

> gives her access to the offer's outcome and her payouts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
gives her access to the offer's result and her payouts.
```
(previously `outcome` was the name of a property. Now `getOfferResult` is the method to get that value, so if we have the choice to use `result` rather than `outcome`, I think we should use `result`, all things being equal.

```

Bob decides to exercise the invitation, and to escrow his payments. He then
uses his invitation to make an offer, the same way that Alice used hers. 

> But Bob's written his proposal to match Alice's (notice that the `give` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But Bob has written his proposal to match Alice's (notice that the `give` 
```
